From the options in my proposal, I have settled on topping ice cream with green onions as my design. My preview doesn't look like much thus far. Because of how relatively simple my project is, I'm pushing myself to try and explore the technicalities of GIMP as much as I can throughout my process. The ice cream cone in my project is actually Frankenstein-ed from three separate images (the hand, the cone, and the scoop). My work so far has been to get comfortable with the software and see what my options are to blend the images together and create my ideal ice cream cone rather than find a single image that's close enough. I've been getting stuck trying to make the cone look like it's on the same plane as the other assets; right now to me it looks clearly in the background. So, I've been trying to shade the cone to try and match the lighting on the hand and scoop. It still does not seem right but it's coming along.

My next steps are to obtain assets for the actual green onions. These will likely be pictures I take myself, possibly supplemented with some sourced from online. I also know I will have to resize the canvas to make room for more negative space as well as somewhere to put my text (in which I still need to figure out what I'll say). From the advice in class I think I need to show a whole scallion somewhere in the piece to help explain what's going on, so I've been trying to figure out where I can place it to compliment the dominant shape of the ice cream. A lot of my work on this project has actually just been in a notebook drafting and redrafting the composition to try and get the movement and eye-line right. I think I have a solid plan for what will end up in the final product now—so long as I have the skill and assets to edit it together.
